README.md, before:

# castify-api-docs
API Documentation and Demos for Screencastify API.

### About
The Screencastify API allows users to share recordings with third-party Applications/Sites.
It is a pure client-side API, recordings are passed to Apps as regular
[File](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/File) objects (like a
regular file upload).

Screencastify can be configured to "Record for an App". This automatically shares
new recordings with the configured App. It's the responsibilty of the App to handle 
and store such recordings.

### Getting started
* Configure a new App in the
[API Console](https://www.screencastify.com/user/api_console) to get an AppId.
* Add the API library to your page:
```html
<script src="https://www.screencastify.com/libs-api/castify-api.js"></script>
```
* Set your AppId before using any other library function:
```javascript
screencastify.setAppId(YOUR_APP_ID);
```
* Check if the user has your App connected/added to Screencastify:
```javascript
screencastify.isAppConnected().then(function(isConnected) {
  console.log('App is ' + (isConnected ? 'connected' : 'not connected'));
});
```
* To connect your App, call `screencastify.connectApp();` it returns a Promise
  that resolves on success. This opens a popup window, so only call this in
  event handlers. It takes care of installing Screencastify first, if it is 
not installed yet.

* When a user shares a recording with an App, Screencastify opens the share URL
configured for the App in a new tab and passes the shared file ids in a
JSON-encoded `state` query parameter:
```javascript
// Decode the 'state' query parameter yourself or use this helper:
screencastify.decodeStateQuery();
> {ids: ['shared-file-id']}
```
* Retrive shared file from Screencastify:
```javascript
screencastify.getFile('shared-file-id').then(function(fileInfo) {
  // fileInfo = {
  //   duration: 150.4,  // in seconds, undefined if unknown
  //   file: File,
  //   height: 600,  // undefined if unknown
  //   width: 800,  // undefined if unknown
  //   id: 'shared-file-id',
  //   title: 'Test Name'  // file title set by user
  // };
});
```
* Process file like any regular file upload.

See demos for working examples.

### Handling shared files in a single tab.
By default Screencastify opens the configured share URL when a file is shared
with an App. In some cases you might want to avoid having a separate tab opened
each time a file is shared with your app, but handle the files in an already
loaded instance of your App instead. This can be achieved by returning true
from the `onSharedFiles` handler. In this case Screencastify will not open a
new tab but focus your Apps' tab that is already loaded instead.
```javascript
screencastify.onSharedFiles = function(fileIds) {
  // fileIds = ['shared-file-id'];
  // Return true (or a Promise that resolves to true) from this handler to
  // indicate that you handle the shared files here.
  return true;
}
```

## Demos:
* [Simple API Demo](https://w69b.github.io/castify-api-docs/demos/simple/simple.html)

Commit message:

Add pricing section to Readme

README.md, after:

# castify-api-docs
API Documentation and Demos for Screencastify API.

### About
The Screencastify API allows users to share recordings with third-party Applications/Sites.
It is a pure client-side API, recordings are passed to Apps as regular
[File](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/File) objects (like a
regular file upload).

Screencastify can be configured to "Record for an App". This automatically shares
new recordings with the configured App. It's the responsibilty of the App to handle 
and store such recordings.

### Getting started
* Configure a new App in the
[API Console](https://www.screencastify.com/user/api_console) to get an AppId.
* Add the API library to your page:
```html
<script src="https://www.screencastify.com/libs-api/castify-api.js"></script>
```
* Set your AppId before using any other library function:
```javascript
screencastify.setAppId(YOUR_APP_ID);
```
* Check if the user has your App connected/added to Screencastify:
```javascript
screencastify.isAppConnected().then(function(isConnected) {
  console.log('App is ' + (isConnected ? 'connected' : 'not connected'));
});
```
* To connect your App, call `screencastify.connectApp();` it returns a Promise
  that resolves on success. This opens a popup window, so only call this in
  event handlers. It takes care of installing Screencastify first, if it is 
not installed yet.

* When a user shares a recording with an App, Screencastify opens the share URL
configured for the App in a new tab and passes the shared file ids in a
JSON-encoded `state` query parameter:
```javascript
// Decode the 'state' query parameter yourself or use this helper:
screencastify.decodeStateQuery();
> {ids: ['shared-file-id']}
```
* Retrive shared file from Screencastify:
```javascript
screencastify.getFile('shared-file-id').then(function(fileInfo) {
  // fileInfo = {
  //   duration: 150.4,  // in seconds, undefined if unknown
  //   file: File,
  //   height: 600,  // undefined if unknown
  //   width: 800,  // undefined if unknown
  //   id: 'shared-file-id',
  //   title: 'Test Name'  // file title set by user
  // };
});
```
* Process file like any regular file upload.

See demos for working examples.

### Handling shared files in a single tab.
By default Screencastify opens the configured share URL when a file is shared
with an App. In some cases you might want to avoid having a separate tab opened
each time a file is shared with your app, but handle the files in an already
loaded instance of your App instead. This can be achieved by returning true
from the `onSharedFiles` handler. In this case Screencastify will not open a
new tab but focus your Apps' tab that is already loaded instead.
```javascript
screencastify.onSharedFiles = function(fileIds) {
  // fileIds = ['shared-file-id'];
  // Return true (or a Promise that resolves to true) from this handler to
  // indicate that you handle the shared files here.
  return true;
}
```

## Pricing
This API can be used for free.
For recordings made by users that did not purchase Screencastify, restrictions of Screencastify Lite apply (max recording length 10 min., branded videos).

### Flat pricing
The restrictions of Screencastify Lite can be removed for a flat fee for all your users. Contact info@screencastify.com for details.

## Demos:
* [Simple API Demo](https://w69b.github.io/castify-api-docs/demos/simple/simple.html)
